hey you guys I am coming finally and
took care of some things that we need to
take care of as well as doing some
things that are having works you guys
will hear about it same factors but I
wanted to come to you guys and let you
guys know that I actually just got my
wig so i'm going to show you guys what's
wigs i got and the trailer for those i
also wanted to come see you guys and
talk to you quickly now about taking
multivitamins now i will admit i have
been slacking on taking on multivitamins
since I've been a vegetarian and this is
something another topic that not many
people discuss not many people are going
to tell you these things because of fear
judgement or just because it's not
anybody's business most cases and trust
me I'm learning that and I'm feeling
that but I wanted to talk to you guys
about it because in this journey of
growth that I'm going whether that
spiritually whether that's just as a
mother as a woman and also with trying
to get my weight loss issues under
control I want to tell you guys all let
it actually entails and as you all know
I've been a vegetarian almost I think
two and a half months now on the three
months and I've been a true vegetarian
and you guys know that I did try will
attempt to eat meat about what a week
ago and that was a massive fail and yeah
that was massive fail and it just
renovated to me what I already know and
what I already think in the past that I
am supposed to be on so that was what
you would call confirmation for me but
what you guys don't know is
okay if certain days because I don't get
a lot of protein all the time be it ever
made yes Rhett turns to actually protein
we get it from other sources that
doesn't entail eating animal products or
animal me but at times I do go without
any protein oh noes yes that's bad but
we all do something wrong let's say it
and that is something that I'd be wrong
although I've been true to being a
vegetarian also watching my carbon
cowlick calorie intake it is times where
I literally go days without any protein
and what happens is I feel extremely
drained you guys I mean drain to an
all-time new levels so I do know what I
have to do although I don't do it all
the time I do know that I have to you
know continue to try to eat
well-balanced as possible try to look at
the science behind the bangs that I eat
which is worrying about the proteins
carbs the calories all of that all
combined and also I have to worry about
taking a multivitamin because when i say
i'm drained at certain days you guys I
mean literally drained and that is so
not my personality I am the first one to
wake up and his last one to go to bed in
my home as you all know and even though
I force myself not to sleep during the
day I'm just extremely drained so as I'm
going on about my businesses as I'm
running my businesses stuff I'm very
drained and yes when you're adding you
have another business on top of
something that you're already running it
is very strange with wendys but I know
it's because the draining tilling is
because of the lack of protein and also
not taking ball to everyone so even if
you get a dollar store multivitamin I
mean if you get it was cute horny at
walgreens or whatever definitely take
your multivitamins you guys if you learn
any weight loss plan or any
you know any lifestyle Germany
definitely do that because I am one to
tell you firsthand and personally that
you will you will feel the results of
not doing that so that note you guys I
love you all so much alone to come to
talk to you guys and next video I will
show you guys all the way